Anomali bug in confidence parama (#24377)
demisto/content: Packs/Anomali_ThreatStream/ReleaseNotes/2_0_27.md

#### Integrations
##### Anomali ThreatStream v3

> - Fixed a bug in the *threatstream-search-intelligence* command where confidence param using *gt* or *lt* attributes did not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the ***threatstream-search-intelligence*** command where specifying *gt* or *lt* for the *confidence* argument did not work properly.
```
